# Society of RSE Trustees Meeting

10th June 2021 (Online)

## Attendees

   - Paul Richmond (Chair)
   - Ian Cottom
   - Mozhgan K. Chimeh
   - James Graham
   - Teri Forey
   - Ania Brown
   - Matt Williams
   - Claire Wyatt
   - Kirsty Pringle
   - Fouzhan Hosseini

## Topics discussed

   - Review of standing items 
   - Creation of Regional Groups SIG
   - Amendments to events CoC and Complaints and Grievance Policy
   - Discussion on Comms Review and Stakeholder Analysis document
   - Funding Request for application development time
   - Vote and discussion on publishing Jo's letter to members
   - AOB items

## Decision summary

| ID  | Date       | Added       | Passed by | Decision (Reason)                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
|-----|------------|-------------|-----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| D0102 | 2021-06-10 | Teri Forey | Consensus | Approved setting up Regional RSE Groups SIG |
| D0103 | 2021-06-10 | Teri Forey | Consensus | Approved amendments to events CoC and Complaints and Grievance Policy |
| D0104 | 2021-06-10 | Teri Forey | Vote (1 yes, 6 no, 3 abstain) | Voted not to support funding request in current state |
| D0105 | 2021-06-10 | Teri Forey | Vote (6 yes, 4 no) | Voted to publish Jo's letter to members |
