# Society of RSE Trustees Meeting

21st February 2022 (Online)

## Attendees

   - Matt Williams (Chair)
   - Ian Cottam
   - Teri Forey
   - Marion Weinzierl
   - Fergus Cooper
   - Holger Schulz
   - Jamie Quinn
   - Mark Turner
   - Claire Wyatt
   - Sam Mangham


## Topics discussed

   - Review of standing items.
   - Updates from working groups.
   - Trustees approved a new Environmental policy for the Society. This encompasses
     both the attitudes we try to promote as a Society and the steps we will take to
     minimise our environmental footprint and that of the movement we represent. It
     will be uploaded to the Society's website shortly so that members can read it and
     is one of the steps we are taking to fulfil the NCVO's recommendations.
   - Trustees approved spending of Society funds on advice from an accountant about
     VAT. We are seeking clarity on whether we need to register for VAT and which
     of our revenue streams are VAT exempt - an issue that is particularly relevant
     to the ongoing conference planning work that we are carrying out.
   - We discussed how we should handle the retweeting of RSE Job Adverts. We are often
     asked to retweet job adverts, but have been reluctant to do so as it would be
     seen as an endorsement and be difficult to do fairly. We are also reluctant to
     take on the work of deciding whether a job is "RSE enough" given the challenges
     and time commitment that this would entail. We maintain a page on the [website](https://society-rse.org/careers/vacancies/)
     where RSE jobs can be advertised. This page already gets a lot of traffic.
     We will consider ways of highlighting changes in the job listings on this page
     on twitter more often.
   - We discussed the Terms of Reference for a Society Advisory Board which trustees
     have prepared. The ToR was well received, but will be revised slightly. Currently
     it requires advisors to actively champion the Society's aims. We are conscious
     that advisors might not necessarily be so active in the community, yet still
     have a lot to offer to the Society as advisors.
   - We discussed how the Society should answer the question of whether or not SocRSE
     is an international organisation. We have no intention to be "the" international
     organisation, but are keen to support groups in countries that do not yet have
     their own national groups and will not exclude anyone from being a part of our
     community. We are keen to work with other national groups and will be clarifying
     our position on the website's "about" page in due course.
   - We agreed that subgroups should be changed to working groups if community members
     are being asked to participate. This transition would involve the writing of
     a Terms of Reference and the EDIA team is considering making such a step at
     the moment. In general, we are keen to involve more members of our community in
     the day-to-day operations of the Society.
   - We discussed the ongoing UCU action and what kind of intervention we could and
     should be making. We are restricted in what we can do here as there are strict
     rules around what the political actions of a charity can be.
   - We discussed the risk register that we maintain with a view towards closing down
     risks for which a mitigation plan has been written.
   - An in person trustee meeting will be organised in May.
   - The analysis of the community survey will begin with a particular emphasis on EDIA.

## Decision summary

| ID  | Date       | Added       | Passed by | Decision (Reason)                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
|-----|------------|-------------|-----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| D0134 | 2022-02-21 | Mark Turner | Consent agenda | Approve Environmental Policy |
| D0135 | 2022-02-21 | Mark Turner | Unanimous | Ian elected Vice President following Teri stepping down |
| D0136 | 2022-02-21 | Mark Turner | Unanimous | Approved spending on advice from accountaint about VAT |
