# Society of RSE Trustees Meeting

18th August 2022 (online)

## Attendees

   - Matt Williams (Chair)
   - Teri Forey
   - Marion Weinzierl
   - Fergus Cooper
   - Mark Turner
   - Claire Wyatt
   - Kirsty Pringle
   - Jamie Quinn
   - Sam Mangham


## Topics discussed

   - Review of standing items.
   - Updates from working groups.
   - With the Conference just around the corner, this was a key discussion area. Plans were progressed
     around the flyers, pens and pins that will be handed out on the SocRSE stall. The stall will also
     present information about the RSE groups that have been set up so far and also details around how
     members can get involved with the Society's work.
   - As a board we are looking to develop the way we want to engage stakeholders who will be essential
     to the RSE movement's continued growth. Subgroups will have increased responsibilities to identify
     stakeholders in their areas of responsibility and as a board we will do more to develop our
     relationships with key parties beyond the RSE movement itself.
   - Discussions were held around a future UK-wide RSE seminar series so that a steady flow of events can
     be maintained between the annual conference.
   - We developed our strategy around a more localised form of community management in RSE. We are aiming
     to facilitate institutional community champions that would be tasked with connecting with RSEs 
     who don’t work in a centralised RSE group. This links in to our ongoing work to progress the
     recognition of role diversity in RSE - particularly the level of support and opportunity that exists
     for embedded RSEs.
   - Discussed the possibility of offering institutional membership in the future and the potential risks
     and opportunities associated with this proposal.


## Decision summary

| ID | Date | Added | Passed by | Decision (Reason) |
|----|------|-------|-----------|-------------------|
| D0157 | 2022-08-18 | Mark Turner | Unanimous | Agreed to get a quote from Coach Mentoring for the mentoring scheme to be run again starting in January |
| D0158 | 2022-08-18 | Mark Turner | Unanimous | Approved an events and initiatives funding application for £1,100 submitted by Jannetta Steyn |
