# Society of RSE Trustees Meeting

16 June 2022 (online)

## Attendees

   - Matt Williams (Chair, second half)
   - Ian Cottam (Chair, first half)
   - Teri Forey
   - Marion Weinzierl
   - Fergus Cooper
   - Mark Turner
   - Claire Wyatt
   - Sam Mangham
   - Malvika Sharan
   - Kirsty Pringle


## Topics discussed

   - Review of standing items.
   - Updates from working groups.
   - We approved the EDIA strategy. A lot of work has gone into this and we look forward to
     sharing it with the community.
   - We decided to bring modifications to the constitution to the members for a vote.
     These proposed changes relate to increasing the length of the trustee term as suggested
     by the NCVO.
   - We approved funding for RSLondonSouthEast, RSE Asia and RSE Asia/AUNZ unconference.
   - Charity funding streams were discussed. Notably, we will proceed with investigating whether
     RSE leaders are willing and able to donate surplus money at the end of the financial
     year to the Society.
   - Trustees will proceed with EDIA training and steps will be taken to ensure this happens
     reliably during onboarding.
   - The RSE Society's website will be updated with more information about international
     RSE groups.
   - The Society will form an "impact case studies" working group intended to create and
     publicise success stories from within the community and strengthen the case for the
     continued growth of the RSE movement.
   - We revisited the NCVO recommendations concerning how the Society's funding should be
     open to nonmembers as well as members. We are satisfied that we are meeting this
     requirement.
   - Plans were made for the Society's stall at the conference.
   - It was decided that upgrading Slack to a "pro" subscription was financially unviable
     and also unnecessary.
   - Work is beginning on the annual report.


## Decision summary

| D0150 | 2022-06-16 | Mark Turner | Unanimous | Approved the EDIA strategy |
| D0151 | 2022-06-16 | Mark Turner | Unanimous | Approved bringing constitutional changes on length of trustee term to the members |
| D0152 | 2022-06-16 | Mark Turner | Unanimous | Approved funding for RSLondonSouthEast event |
| D0153 | 2022-06-16 | Mark Turner | Unanimous | Approved funding for RSE Asia's Zoom license |
| D0154 | 2022-06-16 | Mark Turner | Unanimous | Approved funding for RSE Asia/AUNZ Unconference |
