# Society of RSE Trustees Meeting

20th January 2022 (Online)

## Attendees

   - Matt Williams (Chair)
   - Ian Cottom
   - Teri Forey
   - Kirsty Pringle
   - Marion Weinzierl
   - Fergus Cooper
   - Holger Schulz
   - Jamie Quinn
   - Mark Turner
   - Claire Wyatt
   - Sam Mangham


## Topics discussed

   - Review of standing items.
   - Updates from working groups.
   - Safeguarding: it was decided that a trustee should look into safeguarding.
     They will report to the board on what safeguarding should mean in the context
     of the Society and whether a working group is required to manage our
     safeguarding responsibilities. The NCVO report brought this to our attention
     and it was felt that now is the time to look into this given in-person events
     are on the horizon.
   - Reuse of the Society logo: it was decided that other groups are free to use
     the logo as long as they keep the colours and main design but remove the
     words "Society of Research Software Engineering" and add their own group's
     names. We hope this will help regional groups who are currently looking to
     create a logo and simultaneously protect the identity of the Society.
     The website will be updated with this information.
   - 12th trustee: currently the trustee board is short of 1 trustee as too few
     trustees stood in the 2021 AGM. We have been encouraged to find a 12th
     trustee and feel it would benefit the aims of the Society. We will take up
     contact with individuals who we feel may be interested in this work.
   - Constitution Working Group: we voted to create a Constitution Working Group
     and approved its terms of reference. This is intended to be a follow on from
     the previous constitution and elections sub-group, but opened up to the
     membership.
   - NCVO recommendations: the governance team has organised the NCVO recommendations
     into short and long term goals. We divided these goals up into their
     respective subgroups during the meeting so that all of recommendations are
     fulfilled.
   - Outreach Working Group: we discussed the formation of an outreach group,
     an idea that grew out of discussions within the EDIA team. As a society
     we currently do outreach within the Membership and Outreach Working Group,
     but outreach here tends to focus on attracting members already within
     the university/research community. The trustees felt that an additional
     working group focused on outreach that addressed, for example students,
     especially those from underrepresented backgrounds, would be useful in
     building the RSE community and attracting future talent. The trustees will
     produce a Terms of Reference for this group and vote on its formation
     at the next board meeting.
   - 10 year anniversary for the term RSE: the Society will mark the 10 year
     anniversary on social media. We will also submit a talk request to
     the collaborations Workshop 2022 where the 10 years will be marked.
   - Trustee workload.

## Decision summary

| ID  | Date       | Added       | Passed by | Decision (Reason)                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
|-----|------------|-------------|-----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| D0131 | 2022-01-20 | Mark Turner | consensus | Policy on logo reuse |
| D0132 | 2022-01-20 | Mark Turner | consensus | Form a consitution working group |
