# Society of RSE Trustees Meeting

21st March 2022 (Online)

## Attendees

   - Matt Williams (Chair)
   - Ian Cottam
   - Teri Forey
   - Marion Weinzierl
   - Fergus Cooper
   - Holger Schulz
   - Jamie Quinn
   - Mark Turner
   - Claire Wyatt
   - Sam Mangham
   - Kirsty Pringle
   - Malvika Sharan


## Topics discussed

   - Review of standing items.
   - Updates from working groups.
   - Trustees discussed the pros and cons of extending the trustee term from a
     2 to a 3 year term and then took a vote. The vote decided that trustees
     would go to our membership with the proposal to change the constitution
     to make trustee terms 3 years long. Most charities are structured like this and
     it would allow for less disruption when trustees hand over their responsibilities.
     Trustees will still be able to stand down when they wish or need to move on.
   - Trustees voted to approve the Terms of Reference for the EDIA group. This
     means that members will now be able to join the EDIA team.
   - We discussed award schemes that might be appropriate for the conference.
   - We discussed how to progress the Society's Advisory Group. A list of potential
     members is being drawn up and the governance team will take on the responsibility
     of managing and coordinating this group going forward.
   - The trustees discussed the pros and cons of moving to a new membership platform.
     This is motivated by the limitations of the Whitefuse system. We focussed on
     the risks of migrating members and the way these could be managed.
   - Plans were made for our in person trustee meeting in May where we will have
     a day of working together in person in Manchester.


## Decision summary

| ID  | Date       | Added       | Passed by | Decision (Reason)                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
|-----|------------|-------------|-----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| D0141 | 2022-03-21 | Mark Turner | Vote (6 yes, 1 no, 3 abstain) | We will go to the members with the proposal to change the trustee term from 2 to 3 years |
| D0142 | 2022-03-21 | Mark Turner | Unanimous | Approved the EDIA working group terms of reference |
