# Society of RSE Trustees Meeting

10th April 2025 (online)

## Attendees

- David Beavan (Chair)
- Lyndsey Ballantyne (Note taker)
- Martin O'Reilly
- Mike Simpson
- Twin Karmakharm
- Gillian Sinclair
- Philip Grylls
- Mary Chester-Kadwell
- Abie Alexander-Ikwue
- Godwin Yeboah

## Apologies

- Stef Piatek
- Fliss Guest

## Topics discussed

- RSECon25
  - Submissions, reviewers and volunteers are coming in
  - Finance is projected to look healthy
- Unfortunately Philip Grylls has had to stand down as a trustee and RSECon25 programme chair. We thank him for his contribution as a trustee.
- SocRSE elections
  - Planning to start the process in May, giving longer time for nominations
- EDIA
  - Community has been helping with editing RSE Stories, made great progress on getting them ready for publication
-

RSE Con

- Call for submissions will go out 7th April
- Majority of keynotes confirmed

RSE Governance

- Unfortunately Yo Yehudi has had to stand down as a trustee with immediate effect. We thank her for her contribution as a trustee.

Mentoring Programme

- At time of meeting there were 25 mentees and 23 mentors

Communications and Publicity

- Mastodon, LinkedIn and Bluesky numbers all continue to grow along with mailing list numbers.

Discussion Items

- Funding request from Digital Humanities for RSE Summer school bursaries approved.
- Recruiting an additional trustee mid-term to replace Yo to reduce the burden on other trustees. List of potential people to approach was discussed.
- Github role based access to the RSE github organisation discussed and agreed.

## Decision summary

| ID    | Date       | Added            | Passed by                 | Decision (Reason)                                                                                                 |
|-------|------------|------------------|---------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| D0218 | 2025-04-10 | Gillian Sinclair | Unanimous                 | Move to the next tier of VM with double the amount of RAM and storage increasing the monthly cost from $12 to $24 |
| D0219 | 2025-04-10 | Gillian Sinclair | 8 in favour, 1 abstention | Appoint the Programme Chair for RSECon26                                                                          |
| D0220 | 2025-04-10 | Gillian Sinclair | Unanimous                 | Creation of a Fortran SIG                                                                                         |
| D0221 | 2025-04-10 | Gillian Sinclair | Unanimous                 | Delegate discretionary “miscellaneous” budget of £500  to all working groups                                      |
| D0222 | 2025-04-10 | Gillian Sinclair | Unanimous                 | Approval of Green SIG logo subject to approval from SSI                                                           |
