# Society of RSE Trustees Meeting

13th June 2025 (online)

## Attendees

- David Beavan (chair)
- Marion Weinzierl (note taker)
- Martin O'Rellly (note taker)
- Mike Simpson
- Kirsty Pringle
- Gillian Sinclair 
- Godwin Yeboah

## Apologies

- Stef Piatek
- Mary Chester-Kadwell
- Fliss Guest
- Samantha Ahern
- Twin Karmakharm 
- Lyndsey Ballantyne
- Abie Alexander-Ikwue


## Topics discussed
- SocRSE is working with Simon Hettrick to get logo for SocRSE handed over to the society.
- RSECon25 expected outcome becoming more clear and we expect to make a modest profit in our worst-case scenario. 
- Annual charity report update draft has been written
- Combined survey for members and non-members ready to be sent out
- We are looking into outsourcing some of the day to day finances of the Society
- Nominations for elections went well, there will be a competitive process



## Decision summary

| ID    | Date       | Added       | Passed by                 | Decision (Reason)                                                                                                        |
|-------|------------|-------------|---------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| D0229 | 2025-07-15 | Stef Piatek  | Unanimous | Register as an exhibitor for CIUK |
| D0230 | 2025-07-15 | Stef Piatek  | Unanimous | Increase delegated expenditure limt for RSECon25 from £125,000 to £180,000 |
| D0231 | 2025-07-15 | Stef Piatek  | Unanimous with one abstention | Separate the infrastructure & web group. Trustees only in the infrastructure group, create a web working group |
