# Society of RSE Trustees Meeting

15th May 2026 (online)

## Attendees

- Mark Basham
- Michael Donnay
- Elena Breitmoser
- David Beavan (chair)
- Mike Simpson
- William Haese-Hill
- Gillian Sinclair
- Martin O'Reilly (note taker)


## Apologies

- Stef Piatek
- James Tyrrell
- Samantha Ahern

## Topics discussed

- Our Trustee Annual Report and finances were submitted to the Charity Commission on 24 April. A big thanks to all involved, not least Martin and Mike.
- RSECon26: 215 submissions including 98 talks and 57 posters.
- Conference confirmed sponsorship and donations stand at £30,700 (£28,500 sponsorship, £2,200 donations).
- Comms and web/infrastructure teams are exploring whether to migrate from WordPress to another platform.
  - Desired to allow community to submit blog posts, and have open calls that auto expire, both of which might not be possible on WP without plugins
- Still looking for applicants for the Web working group.
  - Suggestions were made to approach junior colleagues as a way to get more involved in the society.
  - Adding the above new features to website might be a good initial task.
- Call for new round of trustees will be expected to open later this month, and will close 5th July, with voting opening 20th July.
- Upcoming RSE Leaders Group meeting focused on policy and funding: Durham on 15th June.
- Looking for videographer to develop a "What is an RSE" video for outreach. Joe Hannaghan will be approached.
  - Goal is to gather short segments from community members at RSECon.
  - Will require drawing additional spend on-top of conference photography, drawn from additional £10,000 for 10th Anniversary conference budget.
  - Considering Peter Schmidt as the potential (off-camera) person asking the questions of attendees
- Ongoing discussions with Oscar Siep from SSI to restart RSE Fellowships (modelled on SSI Fellowship)
  - Proposed to run a pilot programmed as part of 15-year celebrations, branded as "Society of RSE fellows".
  - Applicants drawn from UK and internationally, with latter focused on setting up RSE community overseas. Existing SSI Fellows would not be eligible.
  - Finance confirmed our surplus can fund this in short term, but not longer term on current income trends.
- Discussed an OLS bid for EDIHub+ funding (Evaluation projects). Application deadline in June.
- New #funding channel set up on Slack, with offer of support to help manage it.
- Planning for International RSE Day in October, with call for suggestions (e.g. coincide with release of "What is an RSE" video)

## Decision summary

| ID    | Date       | Added       | Passed by                 | Decision (Reason)   |
| ---  | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| D0264 | 2026-05-15 | William Haese-Hill | Consent Agenda | Mike to use the in-person ticket and give the lightning talk for our sponsorship of IRSC in Sheffield. Society to pay for two nights’ additional accommodation + subsistence | 
| D0265 | 2026-05-15 | William Haese-Hill | Consent Agenda | Invite Dylan Beattie to speak at the RSECon26 formal dinner |
| D0266 | 2026-05-15 | William Haese-Hill | Consent Agenda | OLS bid for EDIHub+ funding (see discussion item). Dave, Mike and Stef to be empowered to investigate further and commit us if they think it’s a good idea. | 
